Task:
Make a Blog and host it on any platform of your choice. (could be on Github Pages)
It can include, both in theme and in content, the importance of women and girls in STEM, the current situation, and steps that can improve this especially awareness in rural areas or any other aspects relevant to the theme of the Hackathon.
Additionally, it can incorporate feedback mechanisms or ways for reader contribution
The blog can be dynamic enough to include structured content covering this from various angles

1) Thumbs up and down system (css for color change, store cariable using javascript)
2) comment section (php stuff)
3) for now single blog
4) Website design (account, home, blog)

Let’s divide our website into 3 parts- one where we have expert pieces by our columnists (a.I.a the blogs I’ll write), one where we allow women working in STEM to share opportunities/ cases of discrimination etc. and an area open to blogs by the general public.


Women in science are gladiators. In one sense, they are always in combat, tackling challenges on multiple fronts — caste, religion, gender, equality and funding.
Anna Mani, Annapurni Subramaniam, Raman Parimala, Rathnashree, Rohini Godbole, Dr V Shanta, Soumya Swaminathan, Sujata Ramdorai — the list of successful Indian women in science goes on on. Unfortunately, women in science were not encouraged for decades.  Anna Mani, a student of Prof C V Raman, was refused a PhD at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc), although her dissertation involved ample research work. Unfazed, Mani specialised in meteorological instruments at Imperial College London.After returning to India, she joined the Indian Meteorology Department (IMD). Her contributions have led her to be called the Weather Woman of India.  “The good part is that women become role models very easily. Especially for their kids,  the gender bias is broken down quite early. This is why women in science are important” says Dr Vinita Gowda, Associate Professor, IISER Bhopal. 




